翻译新手上路&安装和启动 (#1552)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/getting-started/index.md

# Beginner's Guide

> Welcome to Cocos Creator. Before learning how to use it, please refer to [installation and startup](install/index.md) to install Cocos Creator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Cocos Creator. Before learning how to use it, please refer to the [installation and startup](install/index.md) documentation to install Cocos Creator.
```

After installing the editor, you can familiarize yourself with it, including how to create a project, the project structure, and the editor panels, by going through the following contents:

- [Using Dashboard](dashboard/index.md)
- [Project Structure](project-structure/index.md)
- [Editor Panels](../editor/index.md)
    - [Scene](../editor/scene/index.md)
    - [Hierarchy](../editor/hierarchy/index.md)
    - [Assets](../editor/assets/index.md)
    - [Inspector](../editor/inspector/index.md)
    - [Console](../editor/console/index.md)
    - [Animation](../editor/animation/index.md)
    - [Preferences](../editor/preferences/index.md)
    - [Project Settings](../editor/project/index.md)
    - [Editor Layout](../editor/editor-layout/index.md)
    - [Preview & Debugging](../editor/preview/index.md)

> Once you have some familiarity and understanding of the editor, you can get familiar with the Cocos Creator development process with a simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have some familiarity and understanding with the editor, it is easy to get familiar with the Cocos Creator development process with simple examples:
```

- [Hello world!](helloworld/index.md)
- [Quick start: Making your first game](first-game/index.md)

> Cocos Creator also provides a lot of examples and tutorials, and supports other third-party tools and resources, etc. Developers can also give feedback to the Cocos Creator development team directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocos Creator also provides a lot of examples and tutorials and supports other third-party tools and resources. Developers can also give feedback to the Cocos Creator development team directly:
```
